Document overworld backend architecture (#145)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/architecture/overworld-backend/README.md

# Architecture of Overworld-backend

Project: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend> \
Classes: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend/tree/main/src/main/java>

## Purpose

This backend saves the different overworld configurations and general player statistics. 

## General code structure

This backend has the following package structure
- `data`: Contains the data objects and DTOs
- `controller`: Containers the server routes
- `service`: Contains the business logic
- `client`: Contains the b2b (backend-2-backend) communication methods
- `repositories`: Contains the database repositories

## Starting the service

See the [README](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend#readme).

## What to look at

_Everything_

## What to ignore

_NA_

## Known Design Flaws

> - no known design flaws at the moment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- some API routes have suboptimal paths
- current unlocking order (unlocking the remaining dungeons first and then the next world) is disputed, might be changed in the future 
```

# Architecture of Overworld-backend

> Project: https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend \
> Classes: https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend/tree/main/src

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend> \
Classes: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld-backend/tree/main/src/main/java>
```

## Purpose

> This backend saves all the different configurations for the overworld 
> and the player statistics for the configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This backend saves the different overworld configurations and general player statistics. 
```

## General code structure

> `$STRUCTURE`,
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This backend has the following package structure
- `data`: Contains the data objects and DTOs

> - `controllers`: Containers the server routes
> - `services`: Contains the business logic
> - `clients`: Contains the b2b (backend-2-backend) communication methods
> - `repositories`: Contains the database repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `controller`: Containers the server routes
- `service`: Contains the business logic
- `client`: Contains the b2b (backend-2-backend) communication methods
- `repositories`: Contains the database repositories
```
